HACK-AI-THON
GENERAL INSTRUCTIONS
Registration fee for this event is Rs. 120 only.
The hackathon registration form is posted on Unstop.
Each team must decide upon a team leader, and he/she
must fi l the form on behalf of the team.
Team size: 2 to 4 members.
Problem statements wi l be released on 30/01/24.
ROUND 1
Teams must report to the specified venue in their
respective time slots with their 
presentations.
Each team must present their approach to a solution based
ONE problem statement 
of their choice.
Presentations must be precise and contain no more than 4
slides.
Each team shal present for not more than 5-7 minutes.
Teams wil be evaluated based on their presentations and
proof of concept.
Selected teams wi l advance to Final Round.
ROUND 2
Teams selected for the Final Round can start working on
their projects immediately.
3rd February:
Teams can remotely work on the problem statement
selected by them.
Since there are no restrictions herein, teams are
expected to come up with innovative solutions that
contain key differentiating factors when compared to
existing solutions. This wi l be one of the primary
evaluation criteria.
4th February (offline):
Teams need to be present at the specified venue with
their projects for the completion phase.
Judges wi l review the projects and suggest runtime
changes which the teams need to implement efficiently.
Teams wil be evaluated on this basis.
There is NO RESTRICTION on use of any and al
resources available.
Datasets wi l NOT be provided by the organizers and can
be obtained from online sources (Kaggle, Google
Dataset Search, etc.)
???
XENALYTICS
GENERAL INSTRUCTIONS
Xenalytics is an event that integrates finance analytics
with the strength of AI and machine learning
effortlessly.
This event is based on a broad dataset, which includes
the stock prices of companies for a period of 50 days.
The main focus of Phase 1 is to explore the dataset,
news and use advanced analytics and ML model training
techniques.
In Phase 2, participants present their analysis reports,
ML models and charts/visualizations in a competitive
showcase.
This ends up to a very interesting pitch economic
investment strategies to a board of respected judges.
The service offered by Xenalytics is dynamic as it
combines financial insights with machine learning
competence, which gives a path to innovation and
cooperation between finance and technology.
RULES
Team should consist of 1-3 members.
Presentation round is divided into two parts:
a. Pitch - 15 minutes
b. QnA - 5 minutes.
At time of presentation you are expected to have a
Strategy report, and PPT. 
These may contain your Visualisations, predictions of
ML model, etc.
Allowed Report types - PDF.
Allowed Data visualisation tools - PowerBi, Tableau,
Matplotlib, Seaborn.
Competitors are free to use any ML libraries.
Use of AI assistants like ChatGPT, Bard, etc. are
prohibited.
Your content will be scanned to detect whether it is AI
generated
REPORT FORMAT
1.
2.
3.
4.
Your proposed company/companies for investment.
Strategy/ Reason
Data visualisations
Results of ML model
MARKING SCHEME
Application of AI/ML - 20
Data visualisations - 20
Report - 15
Strategy of investment - 15
Investment of judges in proposed company - 10
Presentation skills - 10
QnA - 10
???
XENOGIC
GENERAL INSTRUCTIONS
Al rounds are individual and group participation is not
a lowed.
Judging criteria are established and fixed for each round
to ensure fairness.
Extra time won’t be a located unless some technical glitch
occurs.
The venues for each round wi l be communicated wel in
advance to all participants. 
Al participants are supposed to register individua ly for
through the Xenia web portal or application.
ROUND 1 
This round will be conducted in online mode. 
This round will consist of 35 logic-based and aptitude
questions which wi l check the efficiency and problem
solving ski ls of the candidate.
One mark is awarded for each right answer. There is no
negative marking.
The time limit for this round is 30 minutes.
The top 75 contestants will qualify for Round 2
The time taken to solve the quiz would act as a tiebreaker
in case of a tie.
No extra time will be alotted.
ROUND 2
This round is conducted in offline mode.
The shortlisted students from the Online Aptitude
cha lenge will appear for this round. 
This is a situation-based round. 20 situations will be given
to the candidate and they are expected to provide
creative and logical solutions to these situations and write
them on paper. 
The time limit for this round is 45 minutes.
No extra time wi l be alotted.
Candidates must carry a blank paper and a pen with them.
Based on the solutions' quality, the top 10 contestants will
be selected for the final round.
ROUND 3
 ROUND 3
 This round will be conducted in offline mode.
 The top 10 finalists will appear for this round. 
This is a Group Planning Exercise (GPE) Round. All 10 finalists
 will be grouped for the activity. 
A hypothetical situation that requires a solution will be
 presented to the group. The group is given a set of resources
 and a limited amount of time to discuss and develop a plan to
 address the situation.
 This round is divided into three phases- understanding the
 problem, noting down the possible solutions, and Group
 discussion.
 Time alotted to read the card and understand scenario: 5 min. 
Time alotted to note down the possible solutions: 10 min.
 Time alotted for Group Discussion: 20 min.
 Each candidate is expected to actively participate in the group
 discussion, contribute ideas, and co lectively arrive at a feasible
 and effective solution.
 They wil be assessed on leadership ski ls, communication
 abilities, decision-making capabilities, and their approach to
 problem-solving.
 Participants are requested to carry a pen and a blank paper with
 them. 
The top 2 contestants, who can convince the judges, wi l be
 considered winners and wi l bag the cash prize.
GENERAL INSTRUCTIONS
???
XENATHON
 GENERAL INSTRUCTIONS
 Individual and group size upto 3 members is
 a lowed. 
Registration for Xenathon carried on Xenia main
 website. 
Al rounds wil be conducted within the co lege
 premises. 
Themes for the problem statements are
 environment, healthcare, finance and banking,
 agriculture and rural development, education,
 defence and security, lifestyle and entertainment
 media, smart cities ,travel,others(mention).
 The venues for each round wi l be communicated to
 a l participants on Xenathon whatsapp group. 
The final round wi l remain open for a l the
 participants to spectate and learn from the teams
 that are shortlisted for the final round. 
ROUND 1
 ROUND 1
 Conducted in online mode.
 Entries for round 1 wi l be taken through google form. 
Participants can choose any problem statement from the mentioned
 themes. 
Al the registered teams are required to upload a ppt on 2nd February
 2024 ti l 6:30 pm. 
The PPT should not contain more than 6 slides. 
Slide 1: Title/Problem Statement 
Slide 2 : Solution
 Slide 3: Market Research and Competition Analysis 
Slide 4 : Business Model and Prototype 
Slide 5 : Cha lenges and Mitigations
 Slide 6 : Marketing and Outreach 
Results of round 1 wi l be declared on 3 rd February 2024 on 12 PM. 
Short-listed teams wi l be notified via mails.
 ROUND 2
 ROUND 2
 Al the shortlisted teams wi l be required to present their ideas and
 solutions in front of ski led panel of judges. 
Time limit : 3 minutes for presentation 3 - 4 minutes for Q&A. 
Participants are requested to present their presentations at the a lotted
 time slots only. 
The decision of the judges and the organizing team wi l be final. 
The results wi l be declared on the closing ceremony of our Techfest
 XENIA’24. 
Winners wi l get the winning certificates and cash prizes. 
GENERAL INSTRUCTIONS
???
CODESTRIKE
 GENERAL INSTRUCTIONS
 Open to colege students with a passion for creating
 YouTube content. 
Participants can be individuals or team size upto 2
 members is alowed. 
Registration for Xenathon carried on Xenia main
 website.
 Al rounds wil be conducted within the co lege
 premises. 
The venues for each round wi l be communicated to
 a l participants on Xenathon whatsapp group. 
The final round wi l remain open for a l the
 participants to spectate and learn from the teams
 that are shortlisted for the final round. 
Every participant wi l receive Participation
 Certificate. 
ROUND 1
 ROUND 1
 Conducted in online mode.
 Al entries for Round 1 must be submitted via the provided Google Form
 on 1st February 2024 ti l 10 PM. 
Selection wi l be decided on the description of youtube idea and the
 answers to the questionnaire.
 Description of Youtube idea should not exceed 1000 word limit. 
Shortlisted participants for Round 2 wi l be notified via email on 2nd
 February 2024 at 7 PM.
 ROUND 2
 ROUND 2
 Shortlisted participants are required to prepare a ppt about their
 youtube idea.
 Shortlisted participants are required to present their youtube ideas in
 front of ski led panel of judges. 
Participants can either present a ppt or a video presentation of not more
 than 3 minutes. 
The presentation should not exceed 6 slides. 
Participants wi l have an additional 3 to 4 minutes for a Q&A session with
 the judges.
 Participants wi l be judged based on the uniqueness of their channel
 idea, content quality, presentation ski ls, and responses during the Q&A
 session.
 Participants are requested to present their presentations at the a lotted
 time slots only. 
The decision of the judges and the organizing team wi l be final. 
The results wi l be declared on the closing ceremony of our Techfest
 XENIA’24. 
Winners wi l get the winning certificates, cash prizes and a shout-out on
 PCSBs’ official Instagram handle.
GENERAL INSTRUCTIONS
???
NINJA CODING
 GENERAL INSTRUCTIONS
 It is a competitive programming contest. 
Programmers may take up any language of their choice.
 Entries should be online booked or pre-registered.
 Plagiarism is strictly prohibited.
 If codes of 2 people are found, the same points wi l be
 deducted.
 Programmers may take up any language of their choice. (C,
 C++, Python, Java,etc.)
 Leaderboard is ACM Style. There is penalty of 5 minutes for
 every incorrect submission.
 ROUND 1
 ROUND 1
 Number of Problems - 5 to 6
 Time Limit - 120 min
 Type - ONLINE
 Level - Easy to Medium-Hard
 The top 20 percent of students wi l move to round 2 from
 each category i.e. Junior/Senior.
ROUND 2
 ROUND 2
 Number of Problems - 5 to 6 
Time Limit - 120min
 Type - Online
 Level - Medium-Hard to Hard
 SCORING
 SCORING
 Each cha lenge has a pre-determined score.
 A participant wi l get the fu l score for a question only if
 they pass a l test cases.
 If a participant submits more than one solution per
 cha lenge, then the participant’s score wi l reflect the
 highest score achieved. In a game cha lenge, the
 participant's score wi l reflect the last code submission.
 Participants are ranked by score. If two or more
 participants achieve the same score, then the tie is broken
 by the total time taken to submit the last solution resulting
 in a higher score
 Leaderboard is ACM Style. There is a penalty of 5 minutes
 for every incorrect submission.
GENERAL INSTRUCTIONS
???
CAMPUS TO CORPORATE
 GENERAL INSTRUCTIONS
 Entries should be pre-registered.
 Plagiarism is strictly prohibited
 Al the submissions wi l be checked after the contest. The
 organizers have a l the rights to disqualify anyone.
 An extra attempt wi l not be provided in any case.
 The decision of the organizers wi l be final and binding on a l
 participants. Any queries on same wi l not be entertained.
 Leaderboard is ACM Style. There is a penalty of 5 minutes
 for every incorrect submission.
 ROUND 1
 ROUND 1
 Number of MCQ(Multiple Choice Questions) - 30 MCQ
 Time Limit - 1 hour
 Type - Online
 These Programming MCQs contain Programming, Coding,
 Problem Solving, Conceptual, Theoretical, and Diagram
 centric Questions.
 These Programming MCQs also cover True/False or Yes/No
 type of Questions.
 Programming Questions are a mix of Basic, Advanced,
 Tricky and/or Tough Questions.
 Programming language Covers Basic CPP, C, and python.
ROUND 2
 ROUND 2
 Number of Problems - 5 to 6
 Time Limit - 2 hours 15 mins
 Type - Online
 Participants have to analyze the logic behind input-output
 sets and write a source code for the same.
 SCORING
 SCORING
 Each cha lenge has a pre-determined score.
 A participant wi l get the fu l score for a question only if
 they pass a l test cases.
 If a participant submits more than one solution per
 cha lenge, then the participant’s score wi l reflect the
 highest score achieved. In a game cha lenge, the
 participant's score wi l reflect the last code submission.
 Participants are ranked by score. If two or more
 participants achieve the same score, then the tie is broken
 by the total time taken to submit the last solution resulting
 in a higher score
 Leaderboard is ACM Style. There is a penalty of 5 minutes
 for every incorrect submission.
GENERAL INSTRUCTIONS
???
FANDOM
 GENERAL INSTRUCTIONS
 Al rounds are individual, and group participation is not
 a lowed.
 Al rounds wil be conducted within the co legepremises.
 Fixed judging criteriaare established for each round,
 ensuring fairnessin candidate selectionfor subsequent
 rounds and winnerdeclaration.
 Dedicated supervisors wi l be presentduring each round,
 and participants must strictly adhere to the instructions
 providedby the supervisors.
 Extra time wi l not be a located unlessa technical
 glitchoccurs.
 The venues for each round wi l be communicated wel in
 advanceto a l candidates.
 ROUND 1
 ROUND 1
 Conducted in online mode.
 This round wi l consist of 40 questions and wi l last for 30
 minutes.
 No extra time wi l be given.
 There wi l be 1 mark awarded for every right answer. There
 is no negative marking
 The shortlisted students from Aptitude round wi l proceed
 to Round 2 i.e. the Coding round
ROUND 2
 ROUND 2
 Conducted in onlinemode
 Questions wi l be hostedon the PCSB Coding Platform
 Login credentials wi l be providedto shortlisted candidates
 There wi l be 3 competitive programming questions and
 roundwi l last for 60 minutes
 No extra time wi l be given
 Participants should bring their own Laptops and stationary.
 1 Blank sheet is a lowedper person
 The shortlisted candidates from the codinground wi l
 proceedfor Round 3 i.e. Interview and GD
 ROUND 3
 ROUND 3
 Conducted in online mode
 Interview and GD venues wi l be communicated to the
 participants in advance.
 Participants must report 15 mins before the a lotted time
 Participants must fo low the formal dress code
 Participants must carry a copy of their resume while
 appearing for the interview
GENERAL INSTRUCTIONS
???
CRICWARS
 GENERAL INSTRUCTIONS
 Participation should be in a group of minimum 2 or
 maximum 5 members.
 Registration Fee for each team wi l be Rs. 75.
 Al the participants must be present 15 minutes before the
 event.
 Participants are required to register on the official website
 of Xenia.
 No third-party entries or transfer of registration wi l be
 entertained.
 Al the participants must maintain proper decorum.
 Any participant caught cheating sha l be disqualified.
 Prize Pool of Rs. 12000 which comprises Rs. 7000 as the first
 prize and Rs. 5000 as the second prize.
 ROUND 1
 ROUND 1
 Consist of 40 MCQs based on the famous series,movies and
 dramas.
 The Game wil be played in Onlinemode every team’sleader
 will be provided with a portal link on which they need to
 answer the multiple choicequestions.
 The marks will be alloted based on correctanswers.
 Top scorers will be promoted to the next round.
ROUND 2
 ROUND 2
 The round wil be having some special credits on the basis
 of the theme your teammates folow. Teams with the most
 relevant theme wi l get some grace credits through which
 their chance to get to the next round , becomes more.
 Participants wi l be provided with an application of a Buzzer
 and the fastest buzzer activator wi l be given a chance to
 answer the question read out by the host.
 The round wil consist of 15 questions out of which first 10
 wi l be based on one word answer or complete the dialogue 
and the next 5 wil be based on performing hook steps of
 various popular songs.
 The questions wi l revolve around famous dance moves of
 popular songs, fo lowed by we l-known scene remakes.
 Top 4 teams wil be promoted to the next round.
 ROUND 3
 ROUND 3
 This round consists of 3 GDs of 15 minutes each.
 Each team wil get 10 minutes to prepare for the round.
 The winner of each GD wil go for the final round.
 You wil be provided some hot controversial topics in which
 you wil have to put up your points suppressing the others. 
The top 2 teams wil be promoted to the final round.
 The winner wil be decided from these teams.
 ???
 DECRYPTO HUNT
ROUND 1
 ROUND 1
 •Powerplay (15 seconds each)(10 questions)(40 marks): Quick
 and snappy questions to cha lenge your cricket knowledge.
 Each question carries4 marks with 4 marks given for a right
 answer within the first 7 seconds, 2 marks for a right answer
 within the rest of time and 0 marks for an
 incorrect/unattempted answer.
 •Middle (30 secondseach)(15 questions)(30 marks):A bit more
 time to ponder and respond accurately. Each question
 carries 2 marks with 2 marks for a correct answer and 0
 marks for an incorrect answer.
 •Death Overs (1 minute each)(5 questions)(30 marks): The
 final stretch where you' l need to show your in
depthknowledge. Each questioncarries a maximumof 6
 marks. If there are 3 correct answers, each right answer wi l
 fetch 6/3=2 marks. If there are 2 correct answers, each right
 answer wi l fetch 6/2=3 marks. Any incorrect optionselected
 wi l directlyamount the question to 0 marks.
ROUND 2
 ROUND 2
 The second round wil be to make the ultimate team.
 Top 30 members shortlisted for round 2 wi l be randomly divided in 5
 groups of 6 participants each.
 On the basis of the given criterions(mentioned below), participants
 need to make the best team possible.
 In this round participants have to assign rating to the players in their
 set on the basis of their likings from 1 to 10.
 Average of a l ratings given by participants of that group to each player
 wi l be displayed in front of every participant.
 Al players in the set wi l be given a fixed price.
 Participants wi l be given a budget in which they need to make the best
 team.
 Also participants wi l be given a stadium , the knowledge/facts about
 the pitch of that stadium should be kept in mind by participants while
 making teams.
 There wi l be deductions or additions in total teams ratings considering
 these stadium factors at the end. (Example = Banglore Pitch is good for
 batters so Batsman ratings in your team wi l increase by +1/+0.5 while
 calculating the final results.)
 Number of players from each category should be taken in
 consideration.
 Criterion for creating teams: 1 wicket keeper, 3 batsman, 3 bowlers
 In case there is tie in ratings at the end of round , time factor wi l be
 taken into consideration.
 Top two participants from each team wi l be qualified for the next
 round
 Also to boost the participants score there wi l be a bonus question
 regarding Impact player for that stadium where your cricketing
 knowledge wi l come into play and need to choose best Impact player
 out of given options for that particular stadium given.
ROUND 3
 ROUND 3
 There wi l be 10 teams entering the Auction. The venue of the Auction
 wi l be conveyed beforehand.
 Each team wil be alotted a budget of 90 Crores to buy various players
 in the Auction.
 There wi l be a grand pool of 180 players who wi l be auctioned.
 Each player wi l enter the auction with an initial base price, ahead of
 which, the bidding wi l start. There are no restrictions on the value to
 which a player can go in the auction.
 Before the start of the auction, the players being auctioned wi l be
 categorized into sets (similar to the actual auction). After the
 completion of a set, there wi l be a 5-minute break during which the
 teams can discuss further strategies.
 The player being auctioned at the moment wi l be displayed to a l the
 teams accordingly.
 If a player fetches no bids, he goes unsold and may only return to a
 rebid after the completion of a l sets.
 There wi l also be 2 Right To Match Cards (RTMs) a lotted to each team
 which they can exercise during the auction to match the final bid of a
 player to snatch him from another team who had the closing bid.
 After the conclusion of the Auction, if any team fails to meet the squad– constraints, the team wi l be disqualified instantly. 
A team must conclude with a squad of at least 13 and at most 17 players.
 Furthermore, the Playing 11 can consist of:
 Batsmen: Minimum 3; Maximum 6
 Bowlers: Minimum 3; Maximum 6
 Wicketkeepers: Minimum 1; Maximum 3
 Alrounders: Minimum: 1; Maximum 3
 Overseas Players: 3 or 4 are mandatory in
 the playing 11; Maximum 6 in the squad.
 Uncapped Players: Atleast 1 in playing 11
 Legends: At most 1 in the squad.
TEAM FORMATION
 TEAM FORMATION
 The participants that qualify for this round are required to form a team
 of 3 members.
 The team members cannot be any of the other qualified participants.
 The team members should have participated in Round 1.
 You are required to submit your team to the event coordinators as per
 the deadline.
 The teams wil get to select their bidding franchise as per the
 leaderboard of Round 2.
 The bidding franchise you choose is very vital because you get the
 RTMs for a player who actua ly plays for the franchise.
 The auction is a l about strategic bids and you wi l get ample amount of
 time to strategize before and during the Auction.
 POINTS SYSTEM
 POINTS SYSTEM
 Each player in the Auction pool wi l have a rating out of 10.
 At the conclusion of the Auction, the teams wi l be required to submit
 their Playing 11 along with the appointed Captain and Vice-Captain.
 The submitted Playing 11 should strictly fo low the Squad constraints,
 else wi l result in an immediate disqualification.
 The Captain and Vice-Captain tags that you a locate to players of your
 Playing 11 wi l act as score multipliers during the ta lying of scores.
 Captain and Vice-Captain have a score multiplier of 2x and 1.5x
 respectively.
 The final scores of each of the teams wi l be calculated by aggregating
 the ratings (with the assigned score multipliers) of a l the players of the
 Playing 11.
 The top 3 teams with the highest aggregate ratings wi l be crowned the
 Winners of the Auction and CricWars.
QUESTION TYPES
 QUESTION TYPES
 Questions can be single correct, worth 2/4 marks each (25
 questions)
 Multiple correct questions are worth 6 marks each (5
 questions), but be cautious—selecting incorrect options in
 these questions means you won't earn any points for that
 particular question.
 ACCURACY IS KEY
 ACCURACY IS KEY
 To succeed, be both quick and accurate in your responses.
 The faster you answer, the better your chances.
 ADVANCEMENT
 ADVANCEMENT
 The top 30 contestants wi l proceed to the next round. If a
 contestant is absent on the day of round 2, the next in line
 wi l have an opportunity to participate.
 30 Random questions wi l be selected for a particular
 participant from a pool of questions.
GENERAL INSTRUCTIONS
 GENERAL INSTRUCTIONS
 Registering for the event wi l be done beforehand. On the
 spot registrations are welcomed.
 Only the leader of the formed team is to fi l the form, a l
 members of the team must not fil the form.
 Registration fees for the same is ₹70 per team.
 Participants are to form a team of 4 to 7 members
 There wi l be 2 rounds to the event. The first round wi l be of
 1 hour and the second wi l be for 45 minutes.
 Clues can be placed inside or outside co lege, no restrictions
 Volunteers wi l be present with the teams to avoid
 confusion and to maintain crowd control.
 ROUND 1
 ROUND 1
 Participants wi l be shown the campus for the first 5
 minutes of this round
 This round wi l consist of 20 clues. At every stage one(or
 two) lesser than the previous number of clues wi l be found.
 The hunt wil take place inside and around the co lege
 campus.
 The last 7 teams standing wi l move on to the next round.
ROUND 2
 ROUND 2
 This round wi l be strictly within the co lege
 The round wil last 45 minutes.
 Each clue wi l lead the teams to a QR code which is to be
 scanned and decrypted to move on to the next location
 closer to the treasure.
 The QR wil be clues in visual form and not words
 There wi l be a time limit to these clues.
 No extra time wi l be given.
 MALPRACTICES
 MALPRACTICES
 Use of mobile phones in the first round is not a lowed.
 Changing teams during the hunt wi l not be permitted
 Picking up of more than 1 clue by a team at clue location is
 not a lowed.
 The behaviour of a l contestants wi l be strictly observed
 and there sha l be no absurd act by any individual towards
 the opponents or the volunteers or the organisers